Create rule S6614 (#1804)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6614/how-dotnet.adoc

== How to fix it

> To address this problem, consider moving the `Regex` creation outside of the method scope and ensuring that it is only instantiated once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to improve performance, consider moving the `Regex` constructor call outside of the method scope and ensuring that it is only instantiated once.
```

Here are some suggestions for optimizing performance when extracting the `Regex`:

* Consider defining a read-only field or property in your class.
* When creating the Regex, consider including the `RegexOptions.Compiled` flag.

> * If you are using NET 7.0+, consider using source-generated `Regex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are using NET 7.0+, consider using the `[GeneratedRegex]` attribute to generate an optimized implementation of the specified regular expression.
```
